Add cloud note to schema package (#2404)
influxdata/docs-v2: CONTRIBUTING.md

canonical: /{{< latest "influxdb" "v2" >}}/path/to/canonical/doc/
```

### v2 equivalent documentation
To display a notice on a 1.x page that links to an equivalent 2.0 page,
add the following frontmatter to the 1.x page:

```yaml
v2: /influxdb/v2.0/get-started/
```

### Prepend and append content to a page

> Use the `prepend` and `append` frontmatter to pre/append content to a page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `prepend` and `append` frontmatter to add content to the top of bottom of a page.
```

Reviewer: Sorry should be `top or bottom of`...

Each has the following fields:

- **block:** _(Optional)_ block style to wrap content in (note, warn, cloud, or enterprise)

> - **content:** _**(Required)**_ markdown content to pre/append.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **content:** _**(Required)**_ markdown content to add.
```

```yaml
append:
  block: note
  content: |
    #### This is example markdown content
    This is just an example note block that gets appended to the article.
```

> Use this frontmatter with [cascade](#cascade) to pre/append the same content to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use this frontmatter with [cascade](#cascade) to add the same content to
```
